License information
===================

The .grammar files in this directory are taken from
https://github.com/rbuckton/grammarkdown whose original license is below.
These are almost certainly derivative work from the ECMA-262 spec, whose
license is also included below.

grammarkdown
------------

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Ron Buckton (rbuckton@chronicles.org)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

ECMA-262
--------

COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Â© 2015 Ecma International

This document may be copied, published and distributed to others, and certain
derivative works of it may be prepared, copied, published, and distributed,
in whole or in part, provided that the above copyright notice and this
Copyright License and Disclaimer are included on all such copies and
derivative works. The only derivative works that are permissible under this
Copyright License and Disclaimer are:

(i) works which incorporate all or portion of this document for the purpose
of providing commentary or explanation (such as an annotated version of the
document),

(ii) works which incorporate all or portion of this document for the purpose
of incorporating features that provide accessibility,

(iii) translations of this document into languages other than English and into
different formats and

(iv) works by making use of this specification in standard conformant products
by implementing (e.g. by copy and paste wholly or partly) the functionality
therein.

However, the content of this document itself may not be modified in any way,
including by removing the copyright notice or references to Ecma
International, except as required to translate it into languages other than
English or into a different format.

The official version of an Ecma International document is the English language
version on the Ecma International website. In the event of discrepancies
between a translated version and the official version, the official version
shall govern.

The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked
by Ecma International or its successors or assigns.

This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS"
basis and ECMA INTERNATIONAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION
HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY OWNERSHIP RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE."

Software License

All Software contained in this document ("Software)" is protected by copyright
and is being made available under the "BSD License", included below. This
Software may be subject to third party rights (rights from parties other than
Ecma International), including patent rights, and no licenses under such third
party rights are granted under this license even if the third party concerned
is a member of Ecma International. SEE THE ECMA CODE OF CONDUCT IN PATENT
MATTERS AVAILABLE AT http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/codeofconduct.htm
FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE LICENSING OF PATENT CLAIMS THAT ARE REQUIRED TO
IMPLEMENT ECMA INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS*.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the authors nor Ecma International may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE ECMA INTERNATIONAL "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ECMA INTERNATIONAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
